maybe I better come back when you're not
so busy busy well I thought you were
gonna say drunk fact isn't enough
whiskey in the state of Georgia to get
me drunk enough well drunk is drunk
enough it's all a matter of brain cells
you see every drink of liquor you take
kills a thousand brain cells and first
the sadness cells die so you smile real
big and then the quiet cells go so you
just say everything real loud for no
reason at all and finally come to memory
cells
he's tough to kill we need someone from
Savannah in the match who's that
I could have killed you out there oh no
so see I set myself directly in front of
you judging by how you was hitting him
balls I figured that's why I be out of
harm's way
[ __ ] advance the name
- Aswang we got to go fighting
I hurt my dad chill how you want every
tournament there ever was Jonah you was
you ain't never gonna be again ever
I don't know a damn thing about maybe 10
years or not one single solitary word
from you you don't do that to someone
you love it was too long ago no it was
it
this is becoming embarrassing oh no sir
it's been embarrassing for quite some
time now
can't do this yes you can this isn't
your shot baguette moment the shores
[Music]
there's some storm a-brewin what was it
a death what did you like about us I
like the way we dance inside each and
every one else is on this ours and I was
alone
was there something you wish to discuss
because it's might not be the right
standard
[Music]
[Applause]
I always felt a man's grip on his club
just like a man's grip on his world
[Music]